[v4] Refactor Proxy documentation (#475)
strapi/documentation: docs/developer-docs/latest/setup-deployment-guides/deployment/optional-software/caddy-proxy.md

---

> - Example Domain: `api.example.com`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Example domain: `api.example.com`
```

> - Example Admin: `api.example.com/admin`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Example admin panel: `api.example.com/admin`
```

- Example API: `api.example.com/api`

> - Example Uploaded Files (local provider): `api.example.com/uploads`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Example uploaded Files (local provider): `api.example.com/uploads`
```

::::

> :::: tab subfolder-unified

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::: tab subfolder unified
```

#### Sub-Folder Unified

> This config is using a sub-folder that is dedicated to Strapi only. It will bind to port 80 HTTP and hosts the "frontend" files on `/var/www` like a normal web server, but proxies all Strapi requests on the `example.com/test` sub-path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration is using a sub-folder that is dedicated to Strapi only. It will bind to port 80 HTTP and hosts the "front-end" files on `/var/www` like a normal web server, but proxies all Strapi requests on the `example.com/test` sub-path.
```

> :::caution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note
```

> Please note that this config is not focused on the frontend hosting, you will most likely need to adjust this to your frontend software requirements, it is only being shown here as an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example configuration is not focused on the front end hosting and should be adjusted to your front-end software requirements.
```

:::

---

> - Example Domain: `example.com/test`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Example domain: `example.com/test`
```

> - Example Admin: `example.com/test/admin`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Example admin panel: `example.com/test/admin`
```

- Example API: `example.com/test/api`

> - Example Uploaded Files (local provider): `example.com/test/uploads`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Example uploaded Files (local provider): `example.com/test/uploads`
```

> **Path —** `/etc/caddy/Caddyfile`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

> http://example.com {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# path: /etc/caddy/Caddyfile

http://example.com {
```

---

> - Example Domain: `example.com`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Example domain: `example.com`
```

> - Example Admin: `example.com/dashboard`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Example admin: `example.com/dashboard`
```

- Example API: `example.com/api`

> - Example Uploaded Files (local provider): `example.com/uploads`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Example uploaded Files (local provider): `example.com/uploads`
```

**Path —** `/etc/caddy/Caddyfile`

```

> http://example.com {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# path: /etc/caddy/Caddyfile

http://example.com {
```
